REQ-ID:PF06-NFR
Description:Property details shall be subject to a consistency and accuracy check prior to being permitted to be viewed by prospective holidaymakers
Type:Legal Requirement
Rationale:If property details are inaccurate or misleading, the company could be subject to legal action brought by prospective holidaymakers 
Fit Criterion:Property details shall be checked on initial upload, change or yearly to ensure that the accuracy of stored data has an error rate that exceeds that 
specified by the in-force VisitBritain requirements, and also to a standard deemed acceptable by the companies legal representatives.
Sopporting Information: https://www.visitbritain.org/pink-book/ and all relevant links
Originator:Brian Aldridge [Agency Owner]
Comments: [M814-ModuleChair] Add comments below, making sure to include your initials in [] at the start.
[MM-Mike Moore] The Fit Criterion is perhaps more of an ongoing business process than a quality the system can be assessed for. 
                Perhaps the same could be said of the requirement. Outside of validation to check for the right types of information 
                being entered I don't see how the system being developed can be checked for accuracy. 
                If it were typed in that a property's address is in Brighton when it's actually in Blackpool, there's nothing the system 
                being created can do to discern the quality of that data being entered. 
                It's up to the agency to ensure that processes are in place to ensure accurate data is input. I don't think this would pass the gateway at the moment.
[CP] The Fit Criterion describes what the quality checking will be held against, but I think it should be more in the detail 
     of how this is going to be checked. Could this be an automated process to validate the data entered in or would it trigger 
     an alert for someone to manually validate it before it goes live?
[ESantos] Fir Criterion does not precise the number of times the properties need to be checked, this could could be avoided if 
          the application could be able to update its data every month for instance.
[PF - Responses]:
                 [MM] - You are correct that the validation may have to be performed manually and may have to have processes in place. 
                        It is then up to the product to support these processes. This may be that the product (for example) has to have the agent 
                        electronically sign each property entry as confirmed against the relevant criteria, 
                        or just tick a check box to indicate the same. However, these are both solutions to be specified by the designers to satisfy the
                        requirement, not requirements in themselves.
                        Therefore, I will not be modifying the requirement.
                 [CP] - The comments are valid, but both propose a solution as a fit criteria, which is not the point of the fit criteria. 
                        It is up to the designers to decide how the requirement, and hence the fit criteria are to be agreed.
                 [ESantos] - Agreed, requirement modified to remove ambiguity regarding period.
